Docs (#171)
it-at-m/opensource.muenchen.de: ospo.md

> The __Open Source Programme Office__ (OSPO) was founded as a team within it@M on the basis of the City Council motion [Establish Open Source Hub and Open Source Sabbatical](https://risi.muenchen.de/risi/sitzungsvorlage/detail/7532900) (2023-02-15).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The __Open Source Programme Office__ (OSPO) was founded as a team within it@M on the basis of the City Council motion ['Establish Open Source Hub and Open Source Sabbatical'](https://risi.muenchen.de/risi/sitzungsvorlage/detail/7532900) (2023-02-15).
```

* Clarification of [licence issues](./licenses) and regulation of the licensing of LHM open source publications.
* Identify and bring about the clarification of legal issues and support the application of a legal open source publication guide. 
* Appropriate synchronisation of activities with activities of the Federal Government, the Free State and other local authorities on the subject of open source (e.g. ZenDiS, OpenCode).
* Evaluation and prioritisation of ideas and initiatives on open source in the LHM in order to invest resources in a focused manner.
* Managing LHM's presence on public open source platforms, in particular on public code repositories (examples: github.com, gitlab.com). The aim is to ensure standardised and consistent communication and an image that complies with the legal framework.
* Development of methodological aids and provision of expertise for colleagues who develop [open source software](./use) for the LHM, especially if the development itself takes place on public code repositories such as github.com. (Examples: Methodology for integrating such software into the LHM IT environment).

> * Development, consolidation and provision (e.g. via WiLMA) of expertise and awareness on the subject of open source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Development, consolidation and provision (e.g. via intranet) of expertise and awareness on the subject of open source.
```
